Spring also has support for other headers that are not enabled by default.
A very useful one is content security policy.
This allows the web application to notify the user's browser about
the root sources of resources, such as JavaScript,
CSS and much more.
Now this is a great way to protect against attacks like cross‑site scripting
where compromised CDNs or user‑generated content could embed malicious content
on the user's page and be executed in their browser.
Again,
you can configure this header via the header builder
where you can set the desired policy.
For example,
here I am configuring that scripts like JavaScript can
only originate from the page's origin.
Or you could set it to the domain and protocol you require,
so in this case HTTPS.
Again, content security policy is very powerful, so it's worth checking out.
You can even have it report violations to a specified URL
instead of blocking the content. However,
it's one of those powerful headers that tends to be
overlooked or not configured correctly.
Google did a study and found that 90% of sites that used content security
policy had not set it up correctly and were not getting the benefits,
most likely due to its maintenance overhead.
Another somewhat useful header is the referer header where the browser
is instructed to include the origin of the request.
Now if you recall in the previous clip on the cross‑site request forgery attack,
this could have been another way our application could have detected this as
the referer header would have contained the malicious site.
However, the value in this header is not reliable and shouldn't really be 100% trusted.